Iteration 1

present solutions:
There is a similar tool for what i am trying to create its called the bopscrk which is advance and inefficient at the same time, It uses just mainly 1 criteria apart from basic 
inputs that is name of the artist but the complex part is that it goes through all the lines of lyrics of that particular artist and select one word from each line.

This is very advanced but from my experience not that efficient atleast for the part of the world i live in maybe just from what i have experienced, so i would like to continue
this project.

Second hand research:

---In 2013, Google released a list of the most common password types, all of which are considered insecure because they are too easy to guess (especially after researching an individual on social media), which includes:[19]

The name of a pet, child, family member, or significant other
Anniversary dates and birthdays
Birthplace
Name of a favorite holiday
Something related to a favorite sports team
The word "password"

The internet has changed a lot since 2013 so this cant be the base 
source: passwords/wikipedia


---What Are the Most Common Passwords in 2025?
While studies tend to vary, recent research generally agrees on a similar list of the most common passwords. The top two most common passwords are identical across numerous sources, including NordPass and CNBC. There are minor discrepancies further down the list, but avoid any of the passwords mentioned below:

123456
123456789
qwerty
password
12345
12345678
111111
1234567
123123
1234567890

---What Other Types of Passwords Are Common?

1. Cities, sports teams, and location-specific elements
Location-specific elements vary from one place to another, so none make a list of the most common passwords overall. At the same time, these would be much more common if you narrow the scope to a particular place or region.

For example, “abu” and “rome” were represented in more than 1 million passwords. Similarly, well-known sports teams like “liverpool,” “arsenal,” and “chelsea” appeared in more than 600,000 each.

On one hand, these were included in a small percentage of the overall sample of roughly 15 billion. However, people who live close to Liverpool or Rome likely use those terms much more often than people in the rest of the world. Adding terms related to your location could make your password much easier to guess for anyone who knows your area.

2.  Capitals at the beginning; numbers and special characters at the end
Websites and apps often require capital letters, numbers, and special characters along with password length to help protect user accounts. But users tend to deal with these in predictable ways. Since many people reuse passwords on multiple sites, it’s extremely common to simply add the required characters to the end of the base password.

With so many people adding these elements to the beginning and end of their passwords, this strategy may not be as secure as you think. Sequences like “123” are already predictable, and the issue is even worse when they’re simply tacked onto the end of a password. Instead, integrate all kinds of characters throughout your password to make guessing the sequence more challenging.

3.  Birthdays and names
Birthdays and names are some of the other elements most commonly seen in passwords. People tend to use the names of their pets and children, but they also use others, such as the names of parents or partners.

Like location-specific details, individual birthdays and names don’t appear on “most common” lists since they vary for different people. But birthdays and names are frequently used elements in modern passwords.

Every birth year from 1975 to 2010 appeared in at least 3 million passwords out of a sample of 15 billion. 2010, the most common individual year, showed up in nearly 10 million. About one out of 30 people use their birth year in their passwords —  an insecure password choice. Since birthdays and the names of pets, children, parents, and partners are all relatively public information, it’s a good idea to avoid them when creating new passwords.

source: https://www.passwordmanager.com/most-common-passwords-latest-statistics/

next references:
Federal Trade Commission Consumer Advice: Password Checklist
Harvard Information Security and Data Privacy: Use Strong Passwords
Minnesota IT Services: Passwords: The Perils and Pitfalls
U.S. General Services Administration: Requirements for Passwords










